src/_staff/kelley-settles.md, before:

---
layout: staff
name: Kelley Settles
job_title: 'Accounting Manager '
bio_html: >-
  <p>Hometown: Los Angeles, California</p><p>Education/Degree/School: University
  of Phoenix, BA in Accounting&nbsp;</p><p>American Institute of CPA's Certified
  Non-Profit Accountant&nbsp;</p><p>Industry Experience:&nbsp; over 20 years of
  experience in accounting, working in banking as an ABL Risk management
  auditor, trust accounting, restaurant and non-profits.&nbsp;</p><p>What are
  your primary duties? Client Services, Business Development, new client
  implementation, staff management, financial statements, and Emphasis on
  technology and continuously evaluate processes and procedures within the
  client services and implementation functions with an emphasis on implementing
  efficiencies and identifying internal control issues.</p><p>Interests/Fun
  Fact: I enjoy the arts and am a Documentary Photographer and Filmmaker on
  Social issues.</p>
email: kelley@hi-accounting.com
phone: 808-529-9990
linkedin:
vcard:
profile_image: /uploads/kelley-copy.jpg
---

Commit message:

Updated 'src/_staff/kelley-settles.md' via CloudCannon

src/_staff/kelley-settles.md, after:

---
layout: staff
name: Kelley Settles
job_title: 'Accounting Manager '
bio_html: >-
  <p>Hometown: Los Angeles, California</p><p>Education/Degree/School: University
  of Phoenix, BA in Accounting&nbsp;</p><p>American Institute of CPA's Certified
  Non-Profit Accountant&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;Experience:&nbsp; over 20 years of
  experience in accounting, working in banking as an ABL Risk management
  auditor, trust accounting, restaurant and non-profits. Kelley will oversee
  Client Services, Business Development, new client implementation, staff
  management, financial statements, and Emphasis on technology and continuously
  evaluate processes and procedures within&nbsp; client services and
  implementation functions focusing on implementing efficiencies and identifying
  internal control issues.</p><p>Fun Fact: Kelley enjoys the arts and is a
  Documentary Photographer and Filmmaker on Social issues.</p>
email: kelley@hi-accounting.com
phone: 808-529-9990
linkedin:
vcard:
profile_image: /uploads/kelley-copy.jpg
---
